One of the questions that comes up often is how we legislate this technology.
When there's an accident,
eventually there will be and we've already seen
some instances of early tests that have lead even to fatalities.
But once we start deploying this more broadly,
we'll never reach perfect safety records.
We'll always have incidents that are still going to happen,
failures that are going to occur that weren't predictable.
So, how do we assign blame?
Is the first incident where one of
those car manufacturers vehicles takes out a school bus of children,
is that going to end this entire industry?
Are we going to be lost if
lawsuits come out every month for
these poor vehicles that are trying to drive on their own?
The objective for the industry and everyone involved should be zero fatalities.
That's the objective, right?
Right.
We know that any technical system can experience glitches,
but we have to do everything possible to avoid
such glitches that would lead to say fatalities or serious injuries. Right?
Yeah.
So, that's the first thing.
That's the goal. Yeah.
We can learn in the automotive industry a lot from
Aerospace in a sense that Aerospace has put in place a system
where all aspects of engineering these systems and operation and
maintenance are subject to overall safety system,
safety engineering where essentially you look at all the important risk factors.
For example, I can give you an example of airlines,
would look at say 100 risk factors and address all of them systematically.
That includes both the technical aspect,
but also pilot training and making sure that they
slept enough and all these aspects, right? So, we can learn a lot.
Yes. But aerospace only gets us so far in that they really have
a much simpler and more open environment that they're operating in,
and the real challenges for autonomous driving seem to
come from the interaction with all of these other vehicles,
and agents, and pedestrians.
So, the complexity seems a completely different skill.
So, you're absolutely right that the problem is different in reaction times,
let's say when you fly an airplane,
you have much more time to react to problems than in vehicles.
What I was referring to,
it's essentially this overall framework where every crash gets investigated,
where every incident gets documented and we always learn from that and that
learning is shared among all key stakeholders internationally.
Wonderful.
Basically, there's the idea
that various players don't compete on safety and so that's the difference.
So, we cannot take the model let's say in terms of individual may be
concrete methods and techniques 100 percent,
because let's say in aerospace you have a pilot who is
highly trained and essentially the automation does all the easy medium staff,
pilot is still there for all the hard stuff.
In our case, we want to essentially automate everything.
Yeah.
We cannot rely that there is basically qualified in how they train pilots.
So, these things have to be addressed,
so that's very challenging.
But the approach to safety can be essentially the same
and it's required that we actually think about that and put this in place.